
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 52060
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 52.06
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 52560
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 52.56
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 53061
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 53.061
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 53561
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 53.561
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 54559
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 54.559
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 55059
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 55.059
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 55560
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 55.56
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 56061
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 56.061
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 56561
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 56.561
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:252 === SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===
mediaPlayer.js:253 Current time (ms): 57062
mediaPlayer.js:254 Current time (seconds): 57.062
mediaPlayer.js:255 SrtOperation exists: true
mediaPlayer.js:256 SrtOperation stopped: true
mediaPlayer.js:274 SrtOperation not available or stopped
mediaPlayer.js:279 === END SAMSUNG TIMING DEBUG ===